Update README.md (#171)
massalabs/as: packages/as-types/README.md

# as-types

**MassaLabs** as-types library.

This library provides useful *AssemblyScript* objects and functions to help you deal with types :

- **Amount** object to safely express amounts in every currency

> - **Args** object to serialize assembly script native types into bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Args** is an object to serialize assembly script native types into byte arrays.
```

> - **Currency** object to represent monetary units used to express a value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Currency** is an object to represent monetary units used to express a value.
```

> - **Result** object which represents wrapper for a value that can be either a success or an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Result** is an object which represents wrapper for a value that can be either store the value on success and an error on failure.
```

> - **Serializable** an interface that allows you to use `Args` to serialize/de-serialize your objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Serializable** is an interface that allows you to use `Args` to serialize/de-serialize your customized object types.
```

> - **SafeMath** a module to avoid overflows and divisions by zero while doing operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SafeMath** is a module to avoid overflows and divisions by zero while doing operations.
```

## Install

Packages are independant you can choose to install what you need

```sh
npm i --save-dev @massalabs/as-types
```

## Development guide

### Build

```plain
npm run build
```

### Code linting and formatting

```plain
npm run fmt
```

### Test

```plain
npm run test
```

### Generate doc
From the root folder :
```plain
npm run doc
```

## Usage
After installing *as-types*, you can import the object classes and functions that you need in your AssemblyScript file.

For example, to use the "args" object, you can import and use it like this:
```typescript
import { Args, i32ToBytes } from  '@massalabs/as-types';

// This main function is called automatically when the smart contract is executed by the blockchain.
//the argument args contains the serialized values n and k as i32
export function main(binaryArgs: StaticArray<u8>): StaticArray<u8>{
	const args = new  Args(binaryArgs);
	const  n = args.nextI32();
	const  k = args.nextI32();
	return i32ToBytes(a + b)
}
```
## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community!

If you would like to contribute to Massa-as-sdk, please read the [CONTRIBUTING file](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

> Massa-as-sdk is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Reviewer: Bad copy/paste ?

Author: it is good, I haven't wrote it yet

Reviewer: Wdym ? I'm talking about the fact that you are describing 'Massa-as-sdk' here, but this is 'as-types' package

Author: my bad, i thought you were speacking about the link

## Powered By

> Massa-as-sdk is developed with love by MassaLabs and powered by a variety of [open-source projects](powered-by.md).

Reviewer: Bad copy/paste ?

Author: it is good, I haven't wrote it yet

Reviewer: Wdym ? I'm talking about the fact that you are describing 'Massa-as-sdk' here, but this is 'as-types' package

Author: my bad, i thought you were speacking about the link

- **SafeMath** a module to avoid overflows and divisions by zero while doing operations

- Serialization and Deserialization methods for arrays, staticArrays, booleans, strings and numbers

The complete documentation of all available functions and objects is here:

- [`as-types documentation`](https://as-types.docs.massa.net)

## Warning
**Non-secure random functions are used here.**

Using non-secure random functions is the only way to have onchain randomness but **these functions do not generate truly random** values, making it easier for attackers to predict the output and exploit weaknesses in your smart contract.

## Install

Packages are independant you can choose to install what you need

```sh
npm i --save-dev @massalabs/as-types
```

## Development guide

### Build

```plain
npm run build
```

### Code linting and formatting

```plain
npm run fmt
```

### Test

```plain
npm run test
```

### Generate doc
From the root folder :
```plain
npm run doc
```

## Usage
After installing *as-types*, you can import the object classes and functions that you need in your AssemblyScript file.

> For example, to use the "args" object, you can import and use it like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One way to use the "args" object is by importing and utilizing it in the following manner:
```

```typescript
import { Args, i32ToBytes } from  '@massalabs/as-types';

// This main function is called automatically when the smart contract is executed by the blockchain.
//the argument args contains the serialized values n and k as i32

> export function main(binaryArgs: StaticArray<u8>): StaticArray<u8>{

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export function sum(binaryArgs: StaticArray<u8>): StaticArray<u8>{
```

	const args = new  Args(binaryArgs);

> 	const  n = args.nextI32();
> 	const  k = args.nextI32();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	const  a = args.nextI32();
	const  b = args.nextI32();
```
